# appearance
theme = "one-dark.conf"
font-family = "Powerline Consolas"
font-size = 12
adjust-cell-width = -12%
adjust-cell-height = 5%
background-opacity = 0.8
unfocused-split-opacity = 0.65
background-blur = true
background-blur-radius = 40
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

# macOS-specific settings
macos-option-as-alt = true
macos-non-native-fullscreen = visible-menu
macos-titlebar-style = tabs
macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-ghost-color = #66ff66
macos-icon-screen-color = #888888
macos-icon-frame = aluminum

# OS controls
clipboard-read = "allow"
clipboard-paste-protection = false

# window controls
confirm-close-surface = true
window-decoration = true
window-padding-x = 5
window-padding-y = 5
window-padding-balance = true
window-save-state = always
window-title-font-family = "Consolas"

# auto update settings
auto-update = download
auto-update-channel = stable

# custom keybindings
keybind = super+r=reload_config 
keybind = super+i=inspector:toggle
keybind = super+f=toggle_fullscreen
keybind = super+left=previous_tab
keybind = super+right=next_tab
